TAIPEI, Taiwan, November 11, 2022 — ASUS today announced the TUF Gaming Radeon™ RX 7900 XT and Radeon RX 7900 XTX, the first two graphics cards in its new AMD Radeon RX 7900 Series product line.

Providing more stream processors and higher-bandwidth memory interfaces than the previous generation, they deliver exceptional performance and superb energy efficiency to power high-framerate 4K and higher resolution gaming in the most demanding titles and are ready to contend for a place of honor in gaming rigs everywhere.

The new graphics cards are built on the AMD RDNA™ 3 architecture, the world’s first gaming GPU to feature an advanced AMD chiplet design. The breakthrough architecture delivers up to 54% more performance per watt than AMD RDNA 2 architecture , and features the world’s fastest interconnect linking the graphics and memory system chiplets at up to 5.3 TB/s . It also offers up to 96 new unified compute units and second-generation AMD Infinity Cache™ technology. It also includes increased AI throughput that delivers up to 2.7X higher AI performance 3, and second-generation raytracing technology that provides up to 1.8X higher raytracing architectural performance in select titles versus a graphics card built with AMD RDNA 2 architecture.

Pull into pole position with the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX

As the new frontrunner in the ASUS Radeon RX graphics card family, the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX pushes the series to new performance heights. This 3.63-slot card offers a whopping 6,144 stream processors. For those looking for lots of bandwidth and plentiful pools of VRAM, the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX graphics card offers both: 24 GB of GDDR6 memory and a 384-bit memory interface.

Durable materials and a reinforced construction make the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX a tenacious warrior. Its exceptionally strong structure is more than equal to the task of protecting the PCB from sagging. It starts with a rigid die-cast frame to which a sturdy backplate and shroud are melded, both made of aluminum. ASUS also included a graphics card holder in the box to keep this graphics card perfectly aligned over time.

A new cooling design empowers the GPU to run at full throttle. A wider vent on the backplate opens up even more room for airflow. Plus, total heat dissipation area has been increased by a full 22.8%, and an expanded opening along the edge of the backplate allows even more air to flow through the fins from the Axial-tech fans.

The fans are both larger and more effective for this generation. They provide 13.8% more airflow and 8% more static pressure compared to the last generation, all while spinning at lower RPMs and producing a similarly low amount of noise. A Dual BIOS switch lets users choose between performance and quiet modes, or they can get to manual tweaking with ASUS GPU Tweak III software.

Advanced connectivity lets users reap the advantages of the latest gaming monitors on the market. They will find an HDMI® 2.1 port on the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX and a trio of DisplayPort™ 2.1 ports.

To provide will the necessary power, the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX graphics card uses three 8-pin power connectors. This supplies a robust power delivery system featuring 20K-rated capacitors and a spread of high-current power stages arranged in a will 17+4 configuration. In addition, the ASUS Auto-Extreme manufacturing process offers robust longevity that lives up to the TUF name, so users can be confident that their top-tier card will power through games for years to come.

Upgrade AMD-powered rigs with the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XT

The TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XT offers key upgrades over the last-generation Radeon RX 6900 XT graphics card, including a larger 20 GB pool of GDDR6 RAM, 5,376 stream processors, and a wider 320-bit memory interface. Its supporting cast includes many of the same design elements as the TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX graphics card. From the die-cast frame, the aluminum shroud and backplate and the 3.63-slot design, to the updated 3D acrylic TUF logo with ARGB lighting on the edge of the shroud, this graphics card features a complete set of the latest ASUS innovations.

The TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XT graphics card truly flexes Its muscles when it comes to thermal performance. At the same total board power (TBP) as the l Radeon RX 6900 XT graphics card, it runs cooler under load while producing similar noise levels — and offering more performance.

Power up PCs with the right PSU

The TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XTX and TUF Gaming Radeon RX 7900 XT boast exceptional gaming performance. As users plan their next-gen rig, they are invited to pair their new graphics card with a premium ASUS power supply unit (PSU). The new TUF Gaming Gold PSUs are designed to provide everything users need. For the RX 7900 XTX, ASUS recommends a PSU that delivers at least 800 watts; the TUF Gaming 850W Gold will fit the bill nicely. For the RX 7900XT, ASUS recommends a PSU that delivers at least 750 watts, making the TUF Gaming 750W Gold an easy choice. With high-quality components, quiet operation and a 10-year warranty, users know their PC is in good hands.